Update how approvals / builds happen (#9414)
chef/chef: CONTRIBUTING.md

Once you open a pull request, project maintainers will review your code and respond to your pull request with any feedback they might have. The process at this point is as follows:

> 1. Approvals by two or more members of the owners, approvers, or reviewers groups. See the [Chef Infra OSS Project](https://github.com/chef/chef-oss-practices/blob/master/projects/chef-infra.md) for a list of all members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Two or more members of the owners, approvers, or reviewers groups must approve your PR. See the [Chef Infra OSS Project](https://github.com/chef/chef-oss-practices/blob/master/projects/chef-infra.md) for a list of all members.
```

2. Your change will be merged into the project's `master` branch

> 3. Our Expeditor bot will automatically increment the version and update the project's changelog with your contribution. For projects that ship as package, Expeditor will kick off a build which will publish the package to the project's `current` channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Our Expeditor bot will automatically increment the version and update the project's changelog with your contribution. For projects that ship as a package, Expeditor will kick off a build which will publish the package to the project's `current` channel.
```
